---
layout: post
title:  Day 3
subtitle:  20,000 reviews >.<
date:  2019-04-09 21:43:42 -0300
categories: log blog
tags: rails ruby html
progress: Working on Cowork Rental
thoughts: Slow but steady wins the race
link: https://co-work-rental.herokuapp.com/
---
The first problem I had to sort out was one of my own making. I remember deciding at the last minute to up the number of reviews being generated by the seed file. I had a method to create reviews that I set in the last commit to run 800 times. I neglected to to the math before settling on that number -- my method creates 25 reviews at a time. In other words, my seed file was churning out 20,000 reviews >.< That means that after seeding the database, there were more than 20,000 rows…and Heroku's free tier only allows a maximum of 10,000, so every time I regenerated the database yesterday, Heroku sent me an email to warn me of dire consequences :-D Ahem. Anyway, sorted that one out, and now I'm trying to figure out routing, which seems to be causing the rest of the problems. The page to "accept" or "reject" an office booking isn't redirecting correctly. And the new office creation form breaks the whole thing -- it won't officially create an office with or without a photo, but the office instance gets saved to the database, which then causes the main office index to not display (it throws a 500 -- internal server error). So that's where I am today -- I now know the rough shape of several of the problems, but didn't have time to go further than that.

Time spent coding today: a bit more than two and a half hours.
